#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=dev-requirements.txt dev-requirements.in
#
alembic==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-alembic
apispec[yaml]==6.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
astroid==3.3.11
    # via pylint
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-mail
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
coverage[toml]==7.10.3
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   limits
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   pytest-flask
flask-alembic==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-appbuilder==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-jwt-extended==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-limiter==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-mail==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-wtf==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   limits
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via pylint
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
limits==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-limiter
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-limiter
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   apispec
    #   gunicorn
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   pytest
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
prison==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
pylint==3.3.8
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-dotenv
    #   pytest-flask
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-dotenv==0.5.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-flask==1.3.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-dotenv
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   apispec
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-limiter
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prison
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   astroid
    #   flask-limiter
    #   limits
werkzeug==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
    #   pytest-flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
wtforms==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-wtf
